Add better build instructions to the README. (#51)
cisagov/skeleton-docker: README.md

# skeleton-docker 💀🐳 #

[![GitHub Build Status](https://github.com/cisagov/skeleton-docker/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cisagov/skeleton-docker/actions)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/cisagov/skeleton-docker.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/cisagov/skeleton-docker/alerts/)

> [![Language grade: Python](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/python/g/cisagov/skeleton-docker.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/cisagov/skeleton-docker/context:python)

Reviewer: If we're getting rid of LGTM badges, should we remove LGTM analysis? The tests written in Python are still being analyzed.

Author: You are correct: we should also do this in a PR to `skeleton-python-library`.

> [![CodeQL](https://github.com/cisagov/skeleton-docker/workflows/CodeQL/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cisagov/skeleton-docker/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)

Reviewer: Just a thought so it's not reliant on a specific filename.

```suggestion
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/cisagov/skeleton-docker/workflows/CodeQL/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cisagov/skeleton-docker/actions?query=workflow%3ACodeQL)
```

Author: This ties the URL to the `name` field within a workflow.  I'm not sure that it is less fragile. 
It also prevents the nifty widget highlight from working in the Actions dashboard.
And it omits 6 workflow runs.  Which 6?!  I do not know:

# Filename
![Screen Shot 2021-04-08 at 14 41 11](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3229435/114080339-4a4da780-9879-11eb-9505-82f420c3a84d.png)

# Query name
![Screen Shot 2021-04-08 at 14 40 56](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3229435/114080349-4e79c500-9879-11eb-93af-438c45c6a34d.png)

and [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) configurations
appropriate for docker containers and the major languages that we use.

## Running ##

> ### Using Docker ###

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Running with Docker ###
```

> ```console

Reviewer 2: I do recommend adding context around command-line instructions so that folks without much experience understand the purpose. Something like:

- To run the included `cisagov/example` image via Docker:

Reviewer 3: That is a good point, although we devs tend to have a hard time knowing or remembering what normies know and don't know.  It's definitely something to keep in mind when reviewing other devs' pull requests.

This triggered a thought:  Should we have a document in our dev guide that talks about reviewing PRs and has a list of thangs like this to keep in mind?  I think such a document could be useful, but could also turn into a list that is too long and random to be of any use.  Does 18F or TTS have a document we can borrow/steal?

Reviewer 2: That's a good thought - we could also add an entry to the style guide about "add context around `console` and command-line instructions".

I bet someone's made a document like that of "how to keep your documentation accessible and newbie friendly" but I don't think I've seen one from 18F/TTS.

docker run cisagov/example:0.0.1
```

> ## Using a Docker composition ###

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Running with Docker Compose ###
```

Reviewer 2: This displays at the level above the `Docker` section above, so this both fixes the header level and mirrors later header usage.

> 1. Create a `docker-compose.yml` file similar to the one below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a `docker-compose.yml` file similar to the one below to use [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/).
```

    ```yaml
    version: "3.8"

    services:
      example:
        image: cisagov/example:0.0.1
        volumes:
          - type: bind
            source: <your_log_dir>
            target: /var/log
        environment:
          - ECHO_MESSAGE="Hello from docker-compose"
        ports:
          - target: "8080"
            published: "8080"
            protocol: tcp
    ```

1. Start the container and detach:

    ```console
    docker-compose up --detach
    ```

> ## Using secrets ##

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Using secrets with your container ##
```

Reviewer 2: Also, should this still be in the `Running` h2 section (and move to h3 itself) or is it intended to be a top-level h2 section?

This container also supports passing sensitive values via [Docker
secrets](https://docs.docker.com/engine/swarm/secrets/).  Passing sensitive
values like your credentials can be more secure using secrets than using
environment variables.  See the
[secrets](#secrets) section below for a table of all supported secret files.

1. To use secrets, create a `quote.txt` file containing the values you want set:

    ```text
    Better lock it in your pocket.
    ```

1. Then add the secret to your `docker-compose.yml` file:

    ```yaml

>     version: "3.8"

Reviewer: Do either examples include any `3.8` features? We should generally use the lowest compose version we can for compatibility.

Author: How far back do you want to go?  
When do we move it forward?

https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/compose-versioning/

    secrets:
      quote_txt:
        file: quote.txt

    services:
      example:
        image: cisagov/example:0.0.1
        volumes:
          - type: bind
            source: <your_log_dir>
            target: /var/log
        environment:
          - ECHO_MESSAGE="Hello from docker-compose"
        ports:
          - target: "8080"
            published: "8080"
            protocol: tcp
        secrets:
          - source: quote_txt
            target: quote.txt
    ```

> ## Updating ##

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Updating your container ##
```

> ### Docker-compose ###

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Docker Compose ###
```

Reviewer 2: To add context for anyone else who might search - Docker Compose is the name of the tool so this follows our style guide. ✅

> ### Docker-compose ###

Reviewer 2: Switch the orders here - the order of the `Docker` and `Docker Compose` sections should align with their order above.

> 1. Pull the new image from Docker hub:

Reviewer: In the Docker directions you specify stopping the container so should there be a `docker-compose down` in the compose section?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I recommend an suggested first step of:

> 1. If your container is running, stop it before updating:
>
> ```console 
> docker-compose down
> ```

Author: docker-compose is a bit more magical.  It will determine which services need to be brought down and back up based on which images have been updated, and their dependents.  So a `pull` and `up` will "do the right thing™". 

https://docs.docker.com/compose/reference/pull/

https://docs.docker.com/compose/reference/up/

> If there are existing containers for a service, and the service’s configuration or image was changed after the container’s creation, `docker-compose up` picks up the changes by stopping and recreating the containers (preserving mounted volumes). To prevent Compose from picking up changes, use the `--no-recreate` flag.

Reviewer 2: mmmmmagic 👍🏻  coolio

    ```console
    docker-compose pull
    ```

> 1. Recreate the running container:

Reviewer: In the Docker section you point toward the previous running instructions, should we do the same for compose?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Recreate the running container by following the [previous instructions](#running-with-docker-compose):
```

    ```console
    docker-compose up --detach
    ```

### Docker ###

1. Stop the running container:

    ```console
    docker stop <container_id>
    ```

1. Pull the new image:

    ```console
    docker pull cisagov/example:0.0.1
    ```

> 1. Follow the previous instructions for [running](#running) the container above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Recreate and run the container by following the [previous instructions](#running-with-docker).
```

See the [tags tab](https://hub.docker.com/r/cisagov/example/tags) on Docker
Hub for a list of all the supported tags.

## Volumes ##

| Mount point | Purpose        |
|-------------|----------------|
| `/var/log`  |  Log storage   |

## Environment variables ##

### Required ###

There are no required environment variables.

<!--
| Name  | Purpose | Default |
|-------|---------|---------|
| `REQUIRED_VARIABLE` | Describe its purpose. | `null` |
-->

### Optional ###

| Name  | Purpose | Default |
|-------|---------|---------|
| `ECHO_MESSAGE` | Sets the message echoed by this container.  | `Hello World from Dockerfile` |

## Secrets ##

| Filename     | Purpose |
|--------------|---------|
| `quote.txt` | Replaces the secret stored in the example library's package data. |

## Building from source ##

Build the image locally using this git repository as the [build context](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/build/#git-repositories):

```console
docker build \
  --build-arg VERSION=0.0.1 \
  --tag cisagov/example:0.0.1 \

>   https://github.com/cisagov/example.git#develop

Reviewer: 👍

```

## Cross-platform builds ##

> To create images that are compatible with other platforms you can use the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create images that are compatible with other platforms, you can use the
```

[`buildx`](https://docs.docker.com/buildx/working-with-buildx/) feature of
Docker:

1. Copy the project to your machine using the `Code` button above
   or the command line:

    ```console
    git clone https://github.com/cisagov/example.git
    cd example
    ```

1. Create the `Dockerfile-x` file with `buildx` platform support:

    ```console
    ./buildx-dockerfile.sh
    ```

1. Build the image using `buildx`:

    ```console
    docker buildx build \
      --file Dockerfile-x \
      --platform linux/amd64 \
      --build-arg VERSION=0.0.1 \
      --output type=docker \
      --tag cisagov/example:0.0.1 .
    ```

> ## New Repositories from a Skeleton ##

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## New repositories from a skeleton ##
```

Reviewer: I would like this fixed [upstream](https://github.com/cisagov/skeleton-generic/blob/develop/README.md#new-repositories-from-a-skeleton) instead.

        file: quote.txt

    services:
      example:
        image: cisagov/example:0.0.1
        volumes:
          - type: bind
            source: <your_log_dir>
            target: /var/log
        environment:
          - ECHO_MESSAGE="Hello from docker-compose"
        ports:
          - target: 8080
            published: 8080
            protocol: tcp
        secrets:
          - source: quote_txt
            target: quote.txt
    ```

## Updating your container ##

### Docker Compose ###

1. Pull the new image from Docker hub:

    ```console
    docker-compose pull
    ```

1. Recreate the running container by following the [previous instructions](#running-with-docker-compose):

    ```console
    docker-compose up --detach
    ```

### Docker ###

1. Stop the running container:

    ```console
    docker stop <container_id>
    ```

1. Pull the new image:

    ```console
    docker pull cisagov/example:0.0.1
    ```

1. Recreate and run the container by following the [previous instructions](#running-with-docker).

## Image tags ##

The images of this container are tagged with [semantic
versions](https://semver.org) of the underlying example project that they

> containerize.  It is recommended that most users use a version tag.  e.g.,
> `:0.0.1`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
containerize.  It is recommended that most users use a version tag (e.g.
`:0.0.1`).
```
